As a graphic artist, we often get lost in the maze of plugins. What is the one that fit my needs, will it work on my computer … ?
On the other side, as a plugin creator, it is hard to display our work in a cool way
and to raise people awareness on how the plugin works and the possibilities behind our abstract lines of code.
Thankfully, a lot of cool people worked on the matter and created the OpenFX Standard.
It allows your plugins to work directly in many softwares on every platform ...
But a big issue remains, how to find a cool plugin ?
For this purpose, we’ve created ShuttleOFX !
Graphic designer or plugin developer, now is the time to put on your spacesuit !
ShuttleOFX is designed to display all the existing plugins and give you a quick overview on both :  how does it work and how a render would look like ?
So that you’ll be able to use it in your production at light speed !
If you are part of the industry,
a researcher,
or a student,
ShuttleOFX is a great tool to share your work with a whole new galaxy.
Putting your work on the plateform is as easy as a drag and drop !
ShuttleOFX gives you a great analysing tool.
On the Shuttle, you can make live render of any plugin.
ShuttleOFX is a versatile app !
It saves you the time of downloading a plugin,
install it,
and try it on your plateform,
because everything is in the cloud !
So if you are ready to travel in the great unknown space,
join us today or fork us on github !
ShuttleOFX … ENGINES ON !